1st Video:
Computers work in a system called binary code which consists of 0's and 1's. Like when you type something its meaning in ASCII is turned to binary and stored like that. I learned what is binary code that works in the background. But why was it binary code?Also it is important as it is the base of what abstracted computers is if non abstactedand almost all world computers work using it.

2nd Video:
Computers have limited space(bits) and the might round etc. to get over it. Overflow is like a car km displayer that has a max of 99km getting into 100 km and it can't display display it so mau just show 1. How to solve overflow errors, could bioöogical computing work. I shortly learned how overflow happpens and what is done in such cases. It is important as it its a common thing in reallife possibly if the examples are tught maybe if the scales are lessened and because of overflows the systems  möay show in acurate results which llinks to real life computing.

3rd Video: 
The working principles basicly binary , like converting numbers using powers of 2. How does the computer choose to convertm a piece of data to a number or else from context, how can it understand. I basically learnt this or a similar and this matters as it is the fundermantal(without abstaction) of howe computers read binary to get other numbers. This in a way or more connects to real life computing as without this happening in computers we cant have things like calculators possibly.

4th Video:
Compression is a way to reduce file size. For example 11000  to (2,1)(3,0). How is the translation manuel of lossless be read by the computer and how is it represented. This matters as compression is a basic daily tool and without it we may even have difficulty sending basic informations. This connects to computing s computing of may include a form of compression.

5. Video:
Data may be biased or errored like being incomplete, invalid and collected improperly. For example when a student doesn't like a teacher, but the teacher asks 'how was my lesson?', the answer may be biased.  How does the computers battle with the incomplete/ errored data to clean them? This is important because the biased data may affect accuracy of results, and this connects to computing as data is the basis of computers and computers require correct data to work properly.

6. Video:
Metadata may help us in many ways, it is the data about data. Also data allows us to gain knowledge in trends and so on. But the correlation between different data doesn't mean causation directly.  How computers may detect if it's causation or not? This matters as metadata helps us in daily work such as the poster of a video, the comments, and thelikes for choosing an entertainment for example. This is also the way that it connects to real life computing, by being used often  to categorise data easier.  

7. Video:
When data is transformed and processed, using app's , we may gain new informations and locate trends like how to help a student specifically according to the classes 'Grade Chart' , but how do other app's except spreadsheet do such things? This topic is important because we reach to many daily information from the processing of data. In computing computers work with an input and then output and the input is data and the output is the new information in this case.

8. Video:
Spreadsheets and graphs are great ways to represent and organize data, for examole the comversion of the grades of students to a graphs.  How are the lesson info in graphs like box plots, managed in situations like a presentation? It is also important as it is the fundamental way for humans to organize data.   Spreadsheets and graphs can be considered as resuls of data computing.

